[terra-menu] - Fixed SR not announcing menu group name information. (#1841)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-menu/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Added

>   * Added ariaDescribedBy first class prop to announce group information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added `ariaDescribedBy` prop for `menu-item` to announce group information.
```

Author: Updated - https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1841/commits/4cf44699ba0fff5480d30bd3f25b1b708a7b6fa6
